[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and I want to do an update video on the
razor blade stealth so this is the
original razor blade stealth came out
around eight or nine months ago
fantastic device it's actually one of my
top picks for ultra books in 2016 and
this is the new one it's updated with KB
Lake from Intel it's got 16 gigs of RAM
or you can get up to 16 gigs of RAM
that's what this one's rocking and the
third thing is it's got an improved
battery the exterior hasn't changed at
all it's really prone to fingerprints
and it's also prone to Nicks I actually
put a skin on this one it's been used by
a lot of different people over the past
eight or nine months but when you have a
skin it just protects it if you care
about the finish of these laptops I
highly recommend getting a skin on it
these are from D brand they have ones
even cover the logo if you want to get
rid of it
now the build quality is still awesome
if you watch my first video you can kind
of see the details as to why I liked it
so much but the short of it is this
these laptops are built really well I
would consider them equals to something
like the XPS line from Dell or the Mac
books from Apple these are just really
really well built the display options
are unchanged and so are all the
external features so the speakers the
keyboard the trackpad the ports if you
want to learn more about those you can
check the original review on the inside
one of the things that they haven't
changed is the drive so they're still
using the Samsung PM 951 Drive it's an
okay drive I don't love it mostly
because at the lower capacities the read
speeds are okay but the write speeds are
really slow and I don't love that
especially for a PCIe Drive I really
wish that they had upgraded to something
a little bit faster this time
they haven't the 16 gigs of ram is nice
but keep in mind that you have to
configure this at the time of ordering
you can't bring it home and upgrade it
because the RAM is still soldered on the
battery has been upgraded we'll talk
about that more details later but the
big thing is the KB Lake processor it's
now running an i7 7500 you the KB League
version is faster it's not supersonic or
anything but everything just feels a
little bit snappier it's not a huge
difference but it is noticeable as for
the differences in terms of RAM that is
where I feel is the biggest difference
16 gigs of ram is really nice for me I
use Chrome a lot and if you have a lot
of
open there is a difference between an 8
and a 16 gig model and also if you're
doing video edits the 16 gigs of ram is
much more spacious viable video editing
environment and the third thing I hate
to use this term is future proofing not
that it really exists but you're going
to get further into the future with 16
gigs of RAM than 8 gigs of ram the Razer
Blade stealth was never great at playing
games to begin with at least not until
you tell it it with the Razer core but
if you're gaming on the integrated
graphics the new HD 620 is around 10%
maybe 15% faster than the older HD 520
so lighter games like csgo and dota 2
you'll be able to play them you won't
get amazing framerate so you're not
gonna be like MLG or anything but it is
a smoother experience with the HD 620 in
general though it's going to be a
noticeable improvement it's just not a
huge improvement thermally they're
pretty similar the KB Lake is cooler on
idle and a little bit cooler even on
load which is nice
but they're not that different in terms
of actual use and comfort I wouldn't
really notice a difference between the
two if I was just using them on my lap
without a thermal cam the other thing is
noise fan noise is about the same
between them but because it has a more
efficient chip fans kick in less
frequently on the KB leaked version it's
the new one right it better be that way
if you connect the razor blade stealth
to the razor core you can get a huge
improvement in gaming performance
depending on the card that you have
inside there but I tried using the GTX
1080 fantastic card but there was no
real difference between their KB leg
version and the sky leg version both of
them played games at extremely good
frame rates but at that point most of
the work is being done by the GPU the
actual cable a chip set isn't improving
gaming performance that much but one of
the really cool things that KB Lake does
have is Hardware encoding and decoding
of some video codecs in particular v9
and h.265 complicated stuff but
basically things like Netflix and
YouTube when they push high quality
video to you your computer has to decode
that stuff to be able to display it and
now that decoding is done on the chip so
uses very little CPU power you're
getting less fan noise and longer
battery life now that leads me to my
favorite part about the KB leg stealth
the battery life so the old version on
the skylight chip you're getting around
five and a half six hours of battery
life reasonable kind of short in the
Ultrabook market but still acceptable
considering what it
is this version seven half to eight
hours partially because of the cable a
chip it's a little more energy-efficient
but it's also a bigger battery so seven
and a half eight hours is really nice
because to me eight hours is like the
threshold from when you don't have to
bring your charger to work or a school
because it'll last you the full day and
I really like that so overall fantastic
device to begin with it's even better
with the upgrades hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice see
you guys next time
[Music]